com/main/strigoi/ui/series/seriesCardViewer.java
 com.main.strigoi.ui.series.seriesCardViewer
com/main/strigoi/databinding/EditFragmentBinding.java
 com.main.strigoi.databinding.EditFragmentBinding
com/main/strigoi/ui/series/seriesViewModel.java
 com.main.strigoi.ui.series.seriesViewModel
com/main/strigoi/ui/series/seriesViewer.java
 com.main.strigoi.ui.series.seriesViewer
com/main/strigoi/ui/home/HomeFragmentTwo.java
 com.main.strigoi.ui.home.HomeFragmentTwo
com/main/strigoi/BuildConfig.java
 com.main.strigoi.BuildConfig
com/main/strigoi/ui/dashboard/DashboardFragment.java
 com.main.strigoi.ui.dashboard.DashboardFragment
com/main/strigoi/mDB/mDBRequest.java
 com.main.strigoi.mDB.mDBRequest
com/main/strigoi/databinding/FragmentSeriesViewBinding.java
 com.main.strigoi.databinding.FragmentSeriesViewBinding
com/main/strigoi/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.main.strigoi.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/main/strigoi/ui/edit/EditingFragment.java
 com.main.strigoi.ui.edit.EditingFragment
com/main/strigoi/databinding/UserFragmentBinding.java
 com.main.strigoi.databinding.UserFragmentBinding
com/main/strigoi/mDB/pushToDB.java
 com.main.strigoi.mDB.pushToDB
com/main/strigoi/mDB/createSeries.java
 com.main.strigoi.mDB.createSeries
com/main/strigoi/mDB/getSeriesInfo.java
 com.main.strigoi.mDB.getSeriesInfo
com/main/strigoi/databinding/FragmentSeriesCreationBinding.java
 com.main.strigoi.databinding.FragmentSeriesCreationBinding
com/main/strigoi/ui/Requests.java
 com.main.strigoi.ui.Requests
com/main/strigoi/ui/notifications/NotificationsFragment.java
 com.main.strigoi.ui.notifications.NotificationsFragment
 com.main.strigoi.ui.notifications.NotificationsFragment$1
com/main/strigoi/databinding/FragmentHomeSupBinding.java
 com.main.strigoi.databinding.FragmentHomeSupBinding
com/main/strigoi/databinding/DashboardFragmentSupBinding.java
 com.main.strigoi.databinding.DashboardFragmentSupBinding
com/main/strigoi/ui/dashboard/DashboardFragmentSup.java
 com.main.strigoi.ui.dashboard.DashboardFragmentSup
com/main/strigoi/databinding/FragmentNotificationsBinding.java
 com.main.strigoi.databinding.FragmentNotificationsBinding
com/main/strigoi/databinding/FragmentDashboardBinding.java
 com.main.strigoi.databinding.FragmentDashboardBinding
com/main/strigoi/ui/home/HomeViewModel.java
 com.main.strigoi.ui.home.HomeViewModel
 com.main.strigoi.ui.home.HomeViewModel$1
com/main/strigoi/ui/userFragment/userFragment.java
 com.main.strigoi.ui.userFragment.userFragment
com/main/strigoi/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.main.strigoi.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/main/strigoi/databinding/SeriesCardviewBinding.java
 com.main.strigoi.databinding.SeriesCardviewBinding
com/main/strigoi/ui/dashboard/DashboardViewModel.java
 com.main.strigoi.ui.dashboard.DashboardViewModel
com/main/strigoi/ui/Reader.java
 com.main.strigoi.ui.Reader
com/main/strigoi/ui/home/HomeFragment.java
 com.main.strigoi.ui.home.HomeFragment
 com.main.strigoi.ui.home.HomeFragment$1
com/main/strigoi/ui/notifications/NotificationsViewModel.java
 com.main.strigoi.ui.notifications.NotificationsViewModel
com/main/strigoi/MainActivity.java
 com.main.strigoi.MainActivity
 com.main.strigoi.MainActivity$1
com/main/strigoi/ui/series/seriesCreationFragment.java
 com.main.strigoi.ui.series.seriesCreationFragment
